docs: cleanup and update SWE-Bench documentation; and remove the support of non-instance-level image (#7118)
All-Hands-AI/OpenHands: evaluation/benchmarks/swe_bench/README.md

default, it is set to 30.
- `num_workers`, e.g. `3`, is the number of parallel workers to run the evaluation. By
default, it is set to 1.
- `dataset`, a huggingface dataset name. e.g. `princeton-nlp/SWE-bench`, `princeton-nlp/SWE-bench_Lite`, or `princeton-nlp/SWE-bench_Verified`, specifies which dataset to evaluate on.
- `dataset_split`, split for the huggingface dataset. e.g., `test`, `dev`. Default to `test`.

> [!CAUTION]

> > Setting `num_workers` larger than 1 is not offcially tested, YMMV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Setting `num_workers` larger than 1 is not officially tested, YMMV.
```

> There are also one optional environment variables you can set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is also one optional environment variable you can set.
```

```bash
ALLHANDS_API_KEY="YOUR-API-KEY" ./evaluation/utils/scripts/cleanup_remote_runtime.sh
```

## Visualize Results

First you need to clone `https://huggingface.co/spaces/OpenHands/evaluation` and add your own running results from openhands into the `outputs` of the cloned repo.

> 

Reviewer: Oh, are we removing this section because of some issues with HF?

Author: yep!
